
Journal Entries

Scientist Isaac
Day 17
Was chatting with the “Therapist” today. Their language is so bizarre, I can’t wait to become fluent. I hope that they accept me to move to their planet – their technology is way more advanced. I showed them our weapons, and their weapons are just much better. They just use their minds! I hope they can accept me to their schools, and I can connect with more species around! What interesting characters.

Gunner Gary
Day 5
I feel so honored to have been selected for this mission. To meet an alien civilization and learn about their complex weapons systems is life-changing, and I can’t wait to hear how it affects the whole world.
Day 14
I had to make the switch. Leech told me that the aliens would never allow us to leave with their secrets. They were never going to collaborate. The only choice is to work with Leech and colonize their planet. I only hope that we don’t have to harm any of our crewmates.

Machinist Max
I wish my crewmates would leave me alone. I came hear just to learn about the aliens’ technology. I’m starting to feel like everyone has been told a different story because there is some weird behavior here. I’ve been keeping to myself, but I wonder if there is more to this mission than I thought…

Lieutenant Cannon
Day 2
I met the team, and I am impressed. I wasn’t expecting such a great group of crewmates, all with our noble mission in mind.
Day 7
I don’t trust this Leech guy. Something seems off about him.
Day 14
Maybe I can’t trust anyone here.

Friendly Alien
Update #3
Metal sharp items
Loud, explosive, pellets from metal tubes
No mind control, thankfully
Grouchy and angry, try to avoid
Resourceful and talk a lot
Eat weird things

Therapist Diana
Hello, I know you are reading this. You cannot tell the other crewmates, but I am not who I say that I am. I am a member of the alien planet that you are coming to invade, but I must stay hidden. Commander Leech is not who he says he is and so is another crewmate of yours.
My home family is a kind, peaceful species. We have collaborated with many other species from other planets, and we have never seen any such aggression like that coming from your home planet. We would have shared our knowledge had we not feared the attitudes of your fellow humans.
Please, make the choice you know is right, and take your kind people away from us. You will forever have our thanks.
